Add documentation on data deletion under privacy (#4006)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/privacy/data-deletion.md

---
title: Data deletion
sidebarTitle: Data deletion
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---

## How to delete data from posthog

One can remove unwanted data from posthog by:
1. Deleting teams/organizations
2. Deleting persons

This can be done either under settings pages (1) or under persons & groups pages (2).

> When deleting individual persons, you can choose to also delete all their events. When deleting teams, all data under the team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deleting individual persons, you can also choose to delete all of their events. When deleting teams, all data under the team
```

(including events) are automatically removed.

## Asynchronous data deletion

> While most data in posthog is deleted instantly, event data is not. Instead data is cleared asynchronously during non-peak usage times (weekends on PostHog Cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While most data in PostHog is deleted instantly, event data is not. Instead data is cleared asynchronously during non-peak usage times (weekends on PostHog Cloud).
```

> This is done because data deletions in ClickHouse are expensive and it can have a performance impact on other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done because data deletion in ClickHouse is expensive and it can impact performance for other users.
```
